Entertainment how much working capital this company has left
The working capital that the young master can move is about a hundred million more.
Oh, you took all of him.
ask the young master to take you to make money
Where does a young man go to make money?
gia se bo auction house
Go to the auction house to make money.
The young master still forgets whether you are the young master or I am the young master.
Not even fast.
You still want to be beaten.
go fast go sleepy
The second young man.
This idiot wants to take all the money to the auction house to lose his house.
really see me as a fool
You're afraid you don't know.
There's hundreds of millions of treasures in this auction.
I just called you and said that idiot took out all the working capital of the company.
Go to the auction house.
What's he doing at the auction house? He said that idiot had to go to the auction house to make money.
Haha, a fool is a fool
Think about going to the auction house to make money.
You want to laugh at me, hahaha.
Fools have seen a lot.
I've never seen him so stupid.
It seems that what we left behind is no longer needed.
Of course not.
With his stupidity.
Fear of losing all of the company's working capital today
You can tell your father when the auction is over.
At that moment, I saw how the Immortals were protecting him.